---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

This week we started looking more into project 1 in class. Along with that, we started looking more into testing and assertions. We firmly established when to use assertions. We also looked into the Python testing framework as well. Outside of class I took time to get everything setup to work on the project repo and on my local directory.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

There was apparrently an issue with Sphere, which may cause issues when testing the correctness of our code. Luckily I'm familiar with this project, since I completed it in C++ last semester. I also have an Algorithms and Complexity homework that's due next week so I'll need to review some old concepts from Discrete math to ensure I complete it correctly.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

Since project 1 is due Thursday, I definitely plan on finishing it early. I'll also be taking time to do my Algorithms and Complexity homework and make sure it's done correctly. Another thing I will do is review concepts from discrete math to make sure I can do the homework correctly. I will also be attending the FOCS career night and career fair and look into other potential career opportunities.

<b>Thoughts</b>

So far the project is a nice way to get back into the groove of things. It's a simple project that'll make sure I complete the project in the defined process. I'm quite excited to attend the career fair and FOCS career night this semester. I learned a lot in OOP and feel even more comfortable talking to others about coding concepts. To add to that I have C++ on my resume now.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

The career fair is coming up this week, so I think a good tip is to work on more projects outside of class. First of all, it will give you good coding practice and allow you to become more familiar with a topic of programming. Another very important benefit is that it shows your passion for the work you do, which is a good trait in a software engineer. From my experience, it was much easier to network at the career fairs when I started working on projects outside of class.
