---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

On Monday in SWE we started looking at method ovveriding and dynamic binding. In algorithms we looked into approximation algorithms. We also looked at how static methods and variables worked along with reflection. We dove back into refactoring again and tried out implementing the factory method pattern. Outside of class we had to do another algorithms assignment, this time the assignment revolved around P, NP, and NP complete problems. We also had to finish the final phase of the project. I also registered for my classes for the Fall 2016 semester.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I need to look at the algorithms assignment and also look into the final things our presentation needs in SWE.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

This week I will be adding the final touches to our SWE project presentation for Wednesday. I also need to do an algorithms assignment as well. I also need to do some research for the project I am working on in my free time at the moment.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I was pretty busy last week since there were a lot of changes and unexpected issues my group ran into with our project. Luckily we resolved a lot of them. Now that I am done with the project, I will say that I am very happy that I had the chance to do it. I learned a lot about web development in that period of time with my group. I got to practice the tiny amount of web development I knew and get much more comfortable with it. I feel much more comfortable doing both front-end and back-end work now. With the semester almost coming to an end, I'm starting redesign and build my HackUTD project with my web development skills that I learned throughout this class. Once the presentation for the SWE project is done, I will begin the design and research process. Another thing I am excited about is that I was able to get into Bruce Porter's Automated Question Answering class. It seems like an awesome opportunity to learn about and use IBM's Watson.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

If you're looking for a way to implement real-time features inside of your web apps, [Socket.IO](socket.io) might be a good tool to use. It is an engine that has a Javascript library that enables bi directional communication between clients and servers. You will have to use Node JS on the server side to use this.
