---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

On Monday we went over returning functions in Python. We also started to dive into relational algebra. Thursday, we took time to make some final changes to the web development project and submit it. Eventually we started to dive into coding cross, theta, and natural join on Friday. I also went to Hack UTD over the weekend.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I need to do some algorithms homework and recover from the amount of sleep I lost working on the hackathon project.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will be working on the algorithms homework and studying for the upcoming algorithms exam on the Monday of the following week. I will also be working with my group on the next phase of the web development project.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I had a pretty good week since we completed phase 1 of the web development project. It is a very good project to give to students because it is teaching them how coding is later on, a lot of teamwork, and solutions to your problems won't be easily found. It makes me wonder what my responsibilties might be this time, I was comfortable with what I did, but I could possibly learn more trying to develop another aspect of the project. I also had a lot of fun attending Hack UTD during the weekend. Even though I lost a lot of sleep, my team came up with a worthwile idea that managed to win a UI/UX design prize.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

When thinking of where to host a web app, Amazon Web Services and Google App Engine are among the first people will think about. [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) is another solid platform that also has custom domains on their free tier as well.
