---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

On Monday we talked about the new Netflix assignment and the specifications. On Wednesday, during class we had a former UT student who took software engineering visit our class and talk about the company he works for, Main Street Hub. We also learned a little about Python iterators as well on Friday. We also worked on more graph related problems in Algorithms for our homework.
Aside from class I participated in the Health App Design challenge and managed to win 2nd place with my team.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

At the moment I'm reading more into the Netflix specifications so that me and my partner can get a better understanding of what we should try doing tomorow. I also have been reading the problems for Algorithms as well.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

Me and my partner will for sure finish the Netflix project. I will also need to do my Algorithms homework like usual. The tests for algorithms is coming up pretty soon, so I'll take time to study for that.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I'm still having some issues of what the input files are supposed to be doing, I might have an idea, but I'm not sure it's what the specification had in mind. I do think I have a good idea of the appraoch for getting better root mean square error values though. I'm a little disappointed we didn't win the health app design challenge, since we were very close to winning the SXSW Interactive Badges. I'm happy for the winning team though, since they did an awesome job making their app. Overall, I had a good week of learning about new things like usual.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

If you're doing web development, it can be a good idea to use a virtual machine to develop on. You can simulate running your code on an intended platform. This allows you and your team to also have the same development environments. Plus if something goes wrong, you can revert back to previous snapshots.
