---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

I attended the career night and career fair. In Downing's class we also started diving into objects and data structures in Python. I also worked on my algorithms and complexity homework. I also went to my second algorithms discussion and had a good time reviewing material that we learned in discrete math such as graph theory proofs. On Thursday, I had to turn in my Collatz project as well and attempted the extra credit. I also had an awesome time attending uMAD over the weekend. It was great for seeing current trends in mobile development and discover some companies I never heard of. The part I enjoy most is just seeing the many people that attend uMAD, it's refreshing to see people who are passionate about coding.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I am attempting the algorithms homework early so I can have more free time this week. I need to take more time and review content from previous classes to better prepare myself for the quizzes.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

Once we go over project 2, I will take time to set things up early. I will also turn in my algorithms homework. Since the last projects in the class will involve front end web dev, I might use my free time to learn some Angular JS.

<b>Thoughts</b>

During class, I feel like the most important thing I learned this week was reviewing mutable and immutable objects. The quiz gave me a good reminder about how the two types of objects are different. This is something I will definitely keep in mind for next week. I was a bit frustrated this week since I tried to complete the extra credit for Collatz on Sphere but failed to get it accepted. I tried everything from lazy, eager and meta caches. I even tried to mix them, but it didn't work. Even though it was extra credit, I wish I could've figured it out.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

If you're looking to explore web frameworks aside from Flask, which we use in this class, [Tornado](http://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/) might be one to check out. It's a non-blocking web framework that is acknowledged to have good performance. I discovered it recently and will look into more of it's capabilities.
