---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

This week I took two exams. On Wednesday I took the algorithms exams and on Thursday I took the SWE exam.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I'm now using my time to work on my side project using Tornado. I'm also getting ready to head to San Francisco for my internship this summer.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

Moving stuff out of my apartment and packing my stuff for San Francisco. I will still be doing my side project as well.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I felt like I did better than I originally thought on both exams for algorithms and SWE. Overall I knew how to answer most of the questions, if I got something wrong it would be from small mistakes or forgetting a fact. SWE went pretty smoothly this year and I enjoyed getting credit to learn web development, a topic that I've started learning for the class. It was also really good how understanding and open the people who were running the class were. I think it is awesome how open the course can be to new emerging technologies, that is an aspect I think should stay in the class. I had a good experience in both Professor Downing's OOP and SWE class overall. I am very thankful to learn a lot of things that I can add to my resume and also improve my workflow on projects.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

Python 3.5 has an interesting new keywords, async and await. It seems like Python is evolving more and more to accommodate asynchronous code, a new trend in web development.
