---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

On Monday in SWE, we looked over the fundamentals of SQL such as Create, Select and Joins. After that class I took the algorithms exam. On Wednesday we looked more into joins and on Friday we looked into more complex topics like subqueries and sets. Overall, I was mostly working on the project.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I become much more free, I'm jsut taking more time to make myself more familiar with front-end web development.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will start working on the next phase of the project and spend time learning more of the front-end tools we're using. I will also be going to HackDFW on the weekend.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I felt like the algorithms exam we took on Monday was fair and wasn't anything too unexpected so I felt pretty good afterwards. A majority of this week was working on our project. It was a crazy week because we ran into a lot of front-end issues and deployment issues with Docker. I ended up having to learn React in a day to help our group out on that aspect of our project. I then had to learn Docker as well. Luckily the project deadline was extended and we managed to submit the project. It was unfortunate that the Docker part of the project was kind of hit or miss with this phase. There were MySQL connecction issues that arose as well as a combination of various deployment issues. It ranged fron 502 errors to EOF. Some groups worked really hard but weren't able to resolve the issues with Docker, so I felt bad because I know that could've been my group.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

For any groups running into any issues with Docker, use the command <b>docker logs <first 3 chars of container_id></b> often. It will make it much easier to find out what is causing those 502 errors.
