---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

On Monday we went over our next project for SWE. We went over the expectations and the tools. In algorithms, we learned more about dynamic programming, specifically sequence alignment. On Wednesday we learned about using Rackspace from an employee that works there in SWE. In algorithms we learned about shortest path algorithms for negative edge weights. Then on Thursday, I went to the startup crawl and saw the rising companies of Austin. My project group has come up with a topic to work on and some REST APIs to use.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

This week is Spring break, so I'll take plenty of time to relax and spend time with my family. I still have to plan out the SWE project with my group.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will spend time with my family for sure. My group will discuss the design and models of our website. Since I have a whole week of no class, I will polish up some features on the Android app I am working on. I'll probably attend some SXSW events too.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I had a pretty good week. Learning dynamic programming was awesome because it'll give my a new perspective on how to solve certain problems. I'm also very excited to work ont he SWE project because I've always wanted to work on a web project. The startup crawl also taught me a lot about what the startups look like at the moment in Austin.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

Since Parse is shutting down, for my tip this week I'll talk about an alternative. (Firebase)[https://www.firebase.com/] is another backend as a service platform that you can use. It has some awesome advantages as well such as real time data synchronization with applications.
