---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

We learned more about more code patterns on Monday in SWE. My group presented our project on Wednesday and then we watched presentations. We went over linear programming, PSpace and turing machines in algorithms as well. I also learned a lot of the basics of Tornado py, an asynchronous Python web framework.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I need to study for the algorithms exam coming up this Wednesday. I also need to study for the SWE exam on Thursday.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

Next week will just be a lot of studying for my upcoming SWE and algorithms exams. After I take those exams, I will be done. With that free time, I will be working more on the foundations of a project I am building using Tornado py.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I'm hoping to do well on my exams this week. I haven't done as well as I was hoping on my last two algorithms exams, so hopefully I will know what I need to by Wednesday. I feel like I understand the material for SWE pretty well, so I'm not too anxious about that exam. I will study over the material we went over to do my best still. I'm feeling pretty good that classes will be over soon, I have no finals this semester so I wont be busy after this week. I am really enjoying Tornado py, it seems to have great performance due it the asynchronous features it has. Plus it is very lightweight, almost as lightweight as Flask, so setup is pretty easy.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

I have been doing a lot of web development without using Flask lately for learning purposes. I have already mentioned Tornado and all SWE students know what Flask is. Another Python web framework I would like to mention is Django. Django is one of the more complete and more popular Python web frameworks that exist. It even comes with its own ORM and authentication features to make things much easier. Check it out here [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/).
