---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

Since this was the first week, it was more of an introduction to the course. We went over the structure of the course and I got to learn about all the different tools we would be using. Along with introduction to class structure, we got to get a peek at what Python looks like. It seems to be a simple, straight-forward language and I look forward to learning it. As the sylabbus informed of us quizzes, and that is what we first recieved on Friday on Canvas.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I haven't had any major issues in the class so far. Getting the blog setup was probably one of the harder issues I have had. Although I will have to learn Python to get started on this assignment. At the moment I am able to read it, but I will need to practice on this project to ensure I don't need documentation to guide me all the way through.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

We will be going over project 1 in class. Once I ensure I have a solid understanding of the requirements of this project from class, I'll setup the repo for the project and get started. I'm hoping to at least have the simplest solution to project 1 done by Friday.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I'm actually familiar with the format of this class, since I took Object Oriented Programming with Professor Downing before. This week gave me flashbacks of that same class, except I'm seeing Python instead of C++. The main thing that really pulled me into this class was the projects. Knowing that we get to work with a team on a web development project will really help me obtain a skill that's hot in the job market at the moment. Taking a class with Downing before has made me realize how hard he works to ensure we can be employable, which a lot of professors don't do. I'm very thankful for that and look forward to see what the course has to offer!

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

An educational website called [Udacity](Udacity.com) can be a useful tool for software engineers. You can learn new skills for free from some of best engineers and instructors. The instructors come from notable organizations such as Google and Georgia Tech. If you need to pick up a new skill for your resume outside of class, Udacity may come in handy.
