---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

We went over creating an iterator in SWE and learned more about reccurences in algorithms. One Wednesday we went into decorators in Python. Then on Thursday we all took the SWE test. I also started on my algorithms homework. I also visited the startup job fair to see what new startups have been rising and possibly find part time opportunities with them.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I have algorithms homework coming up, which I'm not completely sure I am doing right. I also will probably need to make sure that I have a group for this project as well.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will be doing my assignment for algorithms and probably visiting the TA's office hours. I'll probably be working on another feature of my side project on Android since I haven't made any significant progress on it in a while. I also plan on attending the startup crawl on Thursday.

<b>Thoughts</b>

I am pretty happy with the SWE exam we had, it was very fair and relevant to what we did in class. I am only worried that I forgot small things on the exam. I am very excited to go to the startup crawl on Thursday, because I love checking out the creative and innovative ideas. I am also excited to see what the upcoming project for SWE might be about, because web dev is something I've always wanted to feel more comfortable doing.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

If you're making client Android applications that utilize network requests, try using [Volley](http://developer.android.com/training/volley/index.html). It is an awesome HTTP library that I have used myself, and it cuts down the amount of code I'd have to write if I were making network requests myself.
