---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

In SWE, we finished looking over some SQL such as aggregation, inserts, updates and deletes. We now moved to a new topic, which was refactoring and designing code. I went to HackDFW all weekend also.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

Since I got back from HackDFW, I will need to rest a bit first. I need to work on the algorithms assignment and work on the SWE project.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will be working on the algorithms assignment and then finishing the SWE project this week. I will also register for my classes for the next semester.

<b>Thoughts</b>

Our discussion in class on how to approach refactoring the code was really interesting and something I think is important for students to practice doing. I also had a great time at HackDFW, I managed to get really comfortable with web development while doing the SWE pojects, so it made my project not too much of a challenge to work on. I ended up being very exhausted, but it was an experience that was worth it. I'm a bit busier than usual this week. the algorithms assignment is due on Wednesday and the SWE project is due on Thursday. I am a bit disappointed with the available courses for next semester. Fall 2016 will be my last semester and there are less upper division CS courses. There were some courses I wanted to take before I graduate and I don't see them on there.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

If you want to check out the projects people make at hackathons, check out [DEVPOST](devpost.com). This is where most hackathons have people submit their projects. It is an awesome place to find projects you are interested in and help you brainstorm.
