---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>

This past week we learned about XML and JSON schemas for data in SWE. In algorithms we learned more about the network flow problem. Overall a typical week of doing my algorithms assignments and working on the SWE project outside of attending my classes.

<b>What's in your way?</b>

I have to study for the algorithms test on Monday. I also need to do more work on the SWE project still.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>

I will be taking the algorithms exam on Monday. After that I'll have more free time to work on the SWE project. I will probably use any free time to work on the project my team came up with at HackUTD. I will probably take time to learn how to use the React framework so I can help my team if any issues occur in that area.

<b>Thoughts</b>

Everything is running smoothly on our project for SWE, we learned a lot from our mistakes when structuring the work for our team. I'm a bit worried about the upcoming algorithms test, so I used a lot of my time during the weekend to study for it. I am enjoying these projects more and more, it gives me time to learn more and more about how we should implement certain aspects of the project. This is awesome because I don't have to use free time to learn about how to use these tools. Learning React has been very interesting, it makes a lot of things easier. I definitely will look into using React outside of class.

<b>Tip of the Week!</b>

Another useful networking library for Android that I recommend is [Retrofit](http://square.github.io/retrofit/). Thanks to libraries like this, many base functions your apps need to do now are much easier to implement.
